Clarify node.js support (#17)
inrupt/public-documentation: coding-conventions/javascript-coding-standards.md

    
## Node.js Support

> - Test in all active node.js [LTS versions](https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/) on Ubuntu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tests in all node.js [maintenance, active and current LTS](https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/) versions on Ubuntu.
```

Reviewer: The terminology is maintenance/active/current (at least according to the release page).
